README.md, before:

Bad Apple on SSD1306
===
The original program developed by 沙渺 for the *As long as there is a screen, there will be Bad Apple* Movement. The code was designed for LCD 12864 with the ST7565 controller. You can find out his original work from http://shamiao.com/project/raspi12864. 

Later on, he got an OLED 12864 screen, after [a little modification](http://www.shumeipai.net/thread-1300-1-1.html), the program works on it. But he didn't published the ported code because of too little difference.

A year passed (2012-2013), I ported the code to OLED 12864 with the SSD1306 controller. The original code was very clean, impressed me a lot. As he said, there was only a few code need to modify. I never been worked on any embedded devices. After a whole night working, it works. 

By the way, did he use the same model of screen as me? No one knows, he didn't published the code. I think he may used different controller. Anyway, It isn't a stolen work, it is my original modification.

This is the Video Player part of his project. Fetch other part from his [BaiduDrive](http://pan.baidu.com/share/link?shareid=82148&uk=1225526495).

Credits
====
* [沙渺](http://shamiao.com/)

Copyright
====
Written by [沙渺](http://shamiao.com/project/raspi12864) published in the Public Domain. Modified by [比尔盖子](http://biergaizi.info/), published in the Public Domain.

Commit message:

Moved to notabug.org, #DeleteGithub.

README.md, after:

#DeleteGitHub
===
**Deleted**! This project is moved to [notabug.org](https://notabug.org/niconiconi/Bad-Apple-SSD1306), welcome to join the free world!

The original program developed by 沙渺 for the *As long as there is a screen, there will be Bad Apple* Movement. The code was designed for LCD 12864 with the ST7565 controller. You can find out his original work from http://shamiao.com/project/raspi12864. 

Later on, he got an OLED 12864 screen, after [a little modification](http://www.shumeipai.net/thread-1300-1-1.html), the program works on it. But he didn't published the ported code because of too little difference.

A year passed (2012-2013), I ported the code to OLED 12864 with the SSD1306 controller. The original code was very clean, impressed me a lot. As he said, there was only a few code need to modify. I never been worked on any embedded devices. After a whole night working, it works. 

By the way, did he use the same model of screen as me? No one knows, he didn't published the code. I think he may used different controller. Anyway, It isn't a stolen work, it is my original modification.

This is the Video Player part of his project. Fetch other part from his [BaiduDrive](http://pan.baidu.com/share/link?shareid=82148&uk=1225526495).

Credits
====
* [沙渺](http://shamiao.com/)

Copyright
====
Written by [沙渺](http://shamiao.com/project/raspi12864) published in the Public Domain. Modified by [比尔盖子](http://biergaizi.info/), published in the Public Domain.
